docs/README.md, before:

* [What is Wok?](#what-is-wok)
* [Browser Support](#browser-support)
    * [Desktop Browser Support](#desktop-browser-support)
    * [Mobile Browser Support](#mobile-browser-support)
* [Linux Support](#linux-support)
* [Getting started](#getting-started)
    * [Install Dependencies](#install-dependencies)
    * [Build and Install](#build-and-install)
    * [Starting up Wok](#starting-up-wok)
    * [Troubleshooting](/docs/troubleshooting.md)
* [Contributing to Wok Project](#contributing-to-wok-project)

What is Wok?
======================================

Wok is a cherrypy-based web framework with HTML5 support originated from Kimchi.
It can be extended by plugins which expose functionality through REST APIs.

Examples of such plugins are [Kimchi](https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/)
(Virtualization Management); [Ginger Base](https://github.com/kimchi-project/gingerbase/)
(Basic host management) and; [Ginger](https://github.com/kimchi-project/ginger/)
(System Administration).

Wok runs through wokd daemon.

Browser Support
===============

Wok and its plugins can run in any web browser that supports HTML5. The
Kimchi community (responsible for Wok project) makes an effort to
test it with the latest versions of Chrome and Firefox browsers, but the
following list can be used as reference to browser support.

Desktop Browser Support:
-----------------------
* **Internet Explorer:** Current version
* **Chrome:** Current version
* **Firefox:** Current version
* **Safari:** Current version
* **Opera:** Current version

Mobile Browser Support:
-----------------------
* **Safari iOS:** Current version
* **Android Browser** Current version

Linux Support
=========================

Wok might run on any GNU/Linux distribution that meets the conditions
described on the 'Getting Started' section below.

The Kimchi community (responsible for Wok project) makes an effort to
test it with the latest versions of Fedora, RHEL, openSUSE, and Ubuntu.

Getting Started
===============

Install Dependencies
--------------------
In order to have Wok running as expected in your system, please make sure to have
all the dependencies installed before building Wok or starting up the wokd service.

* [RHEL/Fedora systems](/docs/fedora-deps.md)
* [Debian/Ubuntu systems](/docs/ubuntu-deps.md)
* [openSUSE systems](/docs/opensuse-deps.md)

Build and Install
-----------------

    $ ./autogen.sh --system
    $ make

    # Optional if running from the source tree
    $ sudo make install

Starting up Wok
---------------

    $ sudo python src/wokd

To access Wok, please, connect your browser to https://localhost:8001.

Contributing to Wok Project
===========================

There are a lof of ways to contribute to the Wok Project:

* Issues can be reported at [Github](https://github.com/kimchi-project/wok/issues)
* Patches are always welcome! Please, follow [these instructions](https://github.com/kimchi-project/wok/wiki/How-to-Contribute)
 on how to send patches to the mailing list (kimchi-devel@ovirt.org).

Find more information about Wok Project at https://github.com/kimchi-project/wok/wiki

Commit message:

Add instructions for building .deb/.rpm packages
Added commands to build .deb and .rpm packages.

docs/README.md, after:

* [What is Wok?](#what-is-wok)
* [Browser Support](#browser-support)
    * [Desktop Browser Support](#desktop-browser-support)
    * [Mobile Browser Support](#mobile-browser-support)
* [Linux Support](#linux-support)
* [Getting started](#getting-started)
    * [Install Dependencies](#install-dependencies)
    * [Build and Install](#build-and-install)
    * [Starting up Wok](#starting-up-wok)
    * [Troubleshooting](/docs/troubleshooting.md)
* [Contributing to Wok Project](#contributing-to-wok-project)

What is Wok?
======================================

Wok is a cherrypy-based web framework with HTML5 support originated from Kimchi.
It can be extended by plugins which expose functionality through REST APIs.

Examples of such plugins are [Kimchi](https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/)
(Virtualization Management); [Ginger Base](https://github.com/kimchi-project/gingerbase/)
(Basic host management) and; [Ginger](https://github.com/kimchi-project/ginger/)
(System Administration).

Wok runs through wokd daemon.

Browser Support
===============

Wok and its plugins can run in any web browser that supports HTML5. The
Kimchi community (responsible for Wok project) makes an effort to
test it with the latest versions of Chrome and Firefox browsers, but the
following list can be used as reference to browser support.

Desktop Browser Support:
-----------------------
* **Internet Explorer:** Current version
* **Chrome:** Current version
* **Firefox:** Current version
* **Safari:** Current version
* **Opera:** Current version

Mobile Browser Support:
-----------------------
* **Safari iOS:** Current version
* **Android Browser** Current version

Linux Support
=========================

Wok might run on any GNU/Linux distribution that meets the conditions
described on the 'Getting Started' section below.

The Kimchi community (responsible for Wok project) makes an effort to
test it with the latest versions of Fedora, RHEL, openSUSE, and Ubuntu.

Getting Started
===============

Install Dependencies
--------------------
In order to have Wok running as expected in your system, please make sure to have
all the dependencies installed before building Wok or starting up the wokd service.

* [RHEL/Fedora systems](/docs/fedora-deps.md)
* [Debian/Ubuntu systems](/docs/ubuntu-deps.md)
* [openSUSE systems](/docs/opensuse-deps.md)

Build and Install
-----------------

    $ ./autogen.sh --system
    $ make

    # Optional if running from the source tree
    $ sudo make install
    # Or, to make installable .deb packages
    $ make deb
    # Or, for RPM packages
    $ make rpm

Starting up Wok
---------------

    $ sudo python src/wokd

To access Wok, please, connect your browser to https://localhost:8001.

Contributing to Wok Project
===========================

There are a lof of ways to contribute to the Wok Project:

* Issues can be reported at [Github](https://github.com/kimchi-project/wok/issues)
* Patches are always welcome! Please, follow [these instructions](https://github.com/kimchi-project/wok/wiki/How-to-Contribute)
 on how to send patches to the mailing list (kimchi-devel@ovirt.org).

Find more information about Wok Project at https://github.com/kimchi-project/wok/wiki
